full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#71)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/millennium-os/manual/chapters/30_usage.md

![Image showing Post-Process tab of a Fusion360 Setup](../img/mos_usage_step_0.png){: .shadow-dark }

---

### WCS Offsets / Work Coordinate Systems

The **"WCS offset"** setting of the **"Setup"** selects the WCS used while running the tool paths configured in the Setup.

A value of `0` or `1` in this field corresponds to `G54`, or the *first* WCS, as we do not allow the output of gcode in machine coordinates (`G53`).

This follows industry standards so that offsets 2 and 3 correspond to `G55` and `G56` respectively.

The **"WCS offset"** setting can be used in several ways.

![Post-Process tab of a Fusion360 Setup](../img/mos_usage_step_1.png){: .shadow }

---

#### Single work-piece, multiple operations on different faces

> The below flow chart indicates several machining operations that are performed on different faces of the same workpiece, e.g. machining the top face of a part, and then flipping it over to the machine from the opposite side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below flow chart indicates several machining operations that are performed on different faces of the same workpiece, e.g. machining the top face of a part, and then flipping it over to mill from the opposite side.
```

`to the machine` changes the meaning of the sentence, this is talking about machining the stock in another orientation.

```

> !!! warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     You can see here the "mismatch" between Fusion360 and RRF / DWC - **Work Offset 0** in Fusion360 corresponds to **WCS 1** in DWC (the offset is *from the first WCS* rather than from *G53, or Machine Co-ordinates*). This is because we do not allow code in machine coordinates to be outputted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     You must remember this when setting your work offset value in Fusion360 or setting your WCS origins manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This whole warning block can be removed as we've changed how the offset system works with `v0.3.0`.

* **Clearance** - The distance inwards from each corner and outside of each surface that will be used to calculate our starting points to probe. For example, when probing near the front left corner on the X-axis, our starting point would be the approximate location of the corner in X and Y (based on the operator-chosen approximate centre-point of the block, width and length) plus the clearance distance in Y, and minus the clearance distance in X (i.e. outside the surface and inwards from the expected corner position).
* **Overtravel** - The distance 'past' each expected surface to set the probe-target location, which accounts for any inaccuracy in the operator-chosen centre-point of the block, or rotation of the block itself.
* **Approximate Centre-Point** - You will be prompted to jog the probe or datum tool over the approximate centre-point of the block.
* **Probe Depth** - The depth from the operator-chosen centre-point to descend to, before probing the inner surfaces of the block.

> Rectangle block sets a WCS origin in X and Y axes to the centre of the block (protruding feature or a rectangular workpiece itself). This probing cycle is additionally useful for measurement, as it can be used to calibrate touch probes or accurately measure the dimensions of a workpiece, as well as identify its rotation from the machine axes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rectangle block sets a WCS origin in X and Y axes to the centre of the block (protruding feature or a rectangular workpiece itself). This probing cycle is also useful for measurement, as it can be used to calibrate touch probes or accurately measure the dimensions or rotation of a workpiece.
```

### Outside Corner

Outside Corner finds the X and Y coordinates of the corner of a rectangular workpiece by probing along the 2 edges that form the corner.

It has 2 modes - **Quick** or `Q1`, which takes a single probe point on each surface, and **Full** (`Q0` or unset) which takes 2 probe points along each surface forming the corner.

**Quick** mode is useful when you know the workpiece is square and properly aligned with the axes of the machine. The corner location is identified by the X coordinate when probing on the X surface, and the Y coordinate when probing on the Y surface.

**Full** mode is useful when you are unsure that the workpiece is square or properly aligned with the axes of the machine. The corner location is identified by taking 2 measurements along each surface, drawing a line through the points on each axis, and then calculating where those lines cross. This allows us to calculate the angle of the corner, and if it is square we can also calculate the rotation of the workpiece about the machine axes.

!!! tip

>     Calculating the rotation of the workpiece gives us the information required to compensate for this rotation using RRF's `G68` code. This is not currently implemented but is planned for a later release of MillenniumOS.

Reviewer: This whole tip can be removed now, `G68` rotation is implemented in `v0.3.0`.
